---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sealos_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-sealos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# sealos_cluster (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sealos_cluster" "example" {
  cluster_name = "test-cluster"
  masters      = ["ip1", "ip2", "ip3"]
  nodes        = ["ip4", "ip5", "ip6"]
  command      = ["echo", "hello", "sealos"]
  config_file  = ["test-config-file"]
  env          = ["test-env"]
  images       = ["testimage1", "testimage2", "testimage3"]
  transport    = "test-transport"
  ssh {
    user      = "test-user"
    passwd    = "test-passwd"
    pk        = "test-pk"
    pk_passwd = "test-pk-passwd"
    port      = 22
  }
  sealos_binary = "/usr/bin/sealos"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `images` (List of String) The images parameter is the name and version of the Docker image you want to run in the cluster.

### Optional

- `cluster_name` (String) The name of the cluster where the operation is to be run.
- `command` (List of String) Overwrite the CMD instruction in the image.
- `config_file` (List of String) The path to the custom configuration file, used to replace resources.
- `env` (List of String) The environment variables set during command execution.
- `masters` (List of String) The master nodes to be run.
- `nodes` (List of String) The node nodes to be run.
- `sealos_binary` (String) Path to sealos executable (binary).
- `ssh` (Block List, Max: 1) SSH command configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ssh))
- `transport` (String) Load image transport from a tar archive file. (Optional values: oci-archive, docker-archive)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--ssh"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssh`

Optional:

- `passwd` (String) Authenticate using the provided password.
- `pk` (String) Choose the private key file from which to read the public key authentication identity.
- `pk_passwd` (String) The password to decrypt the PEM-encoded private key.
- `port` (Number) The connection port of the remote host.
- `user` (String) The username for authentication.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import sealos_cluster.example 123
```
